So I got this new library, it's called GreatDocs, it's for Python.
And basically what you do is you point it at your Python package and you create a beautiful documentation site.
Like, look at this, this front page right here, that is actually the GreatDocs site itself.
And it's actually made with GreatDocs, which makes total sense when you think about it.
And I've got some cool features, like you can make a reference page,
and you can show your Python API, and you can click into each one of these and get beautiful documentation.
Let me just zoom in here to show you how beautiful it is. It looks very nice.
Not only that, you can also get information on CLIs, so you have a CLI built for your package.
And you can just have it all right here, it's all documented for your users.
They'll totally understand how to use your CLI.
And if you've got things like an MCP server, even that will work.
Like, you can go into individual pages and find out all about the person's MCP server,
what capabilities it has, and so forth.
And the really great thing is you can make beautiful user guide pages.
Like, this is how you teach users to use your package.
As you can see here, we have a huge sidebar full of interesting articles, pages,
where you can do things like have tables inside your documentation, like this.
You can have things like page tags, videos.
It's pretty much loaded with features.
And that's what you want when you want to explain to users how to use your package.
So I'm hoping that you'll check out GreatDocs.
It's really a wonderful thing.
As soon as you start looking at it, I'm sure you'll find ways to incorporate that with your Python package.
Thank you.